## Project: Data Lake
### Introduction

A music streaming startup, Sparkify, 
has grown their user base and song database even more and want to move their data warehouse to a data lake. Their data 
resides in S3, in a directory of JSON logs on user activity on the app, as well as a directory with JSON metadata on the 
songs in their app.

As their data engineer, my task is to build an ETL pipeline that extracts their data from S3, processes them 
using Spark, and loads the data back into S3 as a set of dimensional tables. 
This will allow their analytics team to continue finding insights in what songs their users are listening to.


## Project: Description
In order to accomplish this project, it will be used Amazon S3 and Spark. The idea is to create a data pipeline.
The data resided on S3 will be extracted, processed and then saved back into an S3 bucket as a set of dimensional tables.

### Modules
> * pyspark
> * datetime
> * os
> * configparser

### The description and location of the files are the following:
* Song data: s3://udacity-dend/song_data - Each file is in JSON format and contains metadata about a song and the artist 
of that song.
* Log data: s3://udacity-dend/log_data - consists of log files in JSON format generated by [this event simulator](https://github.com/Interana/eventsim) based on 
the songs in the dataset above. These simulate app activity logs from an imaginary music streaming app based on 
configuration settings.

### Project Files
etl.py - reads data from S3, processes that data using Spark, and writes them back to S3
dl.cfg - contains your AWS credentials